But Chen Xiaodao is hard to kill
There is no one in this world who cannot be killed
What we're going to do now
Just trying to mess this up
The messier the better
I see.
Do you mean to divert attention?
bluff
Do it when you should
Wang Mingyu
You buy Binhai's underworld right now
Let them deal with Young Master Chen Xiaodao
Now the underground king of Binhai is Xiangyangdong
He is Chen Xiaodao's man
All I want is distraction
bluff
Master Zhao
This move is high, hahaha.
Don't flatter, yeah
I heard that Chen Xiaodao married his granddaughter.
Exactly.
This Sun family is one of the four major families in Binhai
That being the case
Just start with the Sun family
Just to see the reaction of the Chen family
If Chen Xiaodao is the contract master of the Chen family
We can play dead as we want
I understand, I will arrange Brother Dao immediately.
I have something to report to you
The Zhao family in Kyoto has already sent someone to Binhai
They paid me a lot of money to deal with you
I pretended to say yes
I have sent my brothers to follow them these days.
I'll report to you as soon as I have news, okay?
Tell the people below you not to be big Cao Angel
understand